<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">
           <!-- key="AIzaSyCQngkTkrjP16HWkqlXRDt1Q3zOxz7yF7A" -->
    <body>
        <ui:composition template="./template.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="top">
            </ui:define>
            <ui:define name="content">
                <h2>City Information</h2>
                <h3>Welcome to XYZ travel, the place where you can choose what you need when travelling.</h3>
                <br></br>
                <p>Have you ever wanted to book all your public transport all at once, hassle free?</p>
                <br></br>    
                <p>
                    XYZ travel allows you do so, whether you need a bus to the train station to get to your flight, 
                    and book vehicle hire on arrival, or other combinations of transport, or just a single service alone. 
                    XYZ allows you to do just that with additional seat preferences for flights and trains, and options
                    for vehicle hire.
                </p>
                <button class="accordion">Belfast</button>
                <div class="panel">
                    <p>
                        Belfast is a city with a remarkable heritage, from its emergence as a world centre of industry and 
                        shipbuilding, through a generation of political and social turmoil, to the vibrant and growing urban 
                        centre that you see today. Throughout the history the character, humour and local pride of the residents 
                        has always been a defining part of this city. Modern Belfast offers a fantastic quality of life, and with 
                        a relatively young population the city continues to evolve and develop. <br/><br/>
                        They have a thriving arts and cultural scene that ranges from the traditional to the highly contemporary – 
                        there is something to cater for all tastes. And the relatively compact geography means it’s all within easy 
                        reach. However, if you want a break from the hustle of the city you don’t have to travel far before you’re 
                        surrounded by stunning countryside and coastline. There is a buoyant tourist industry and Belfast is a 
                        constant presence in numerous surveys about the , taking its place proudly alongside some of the world’s 
                        greatest cities. <br/><br/>
                        When compared to similar cities in the UK and Republic of Ireland, Belfast is a very affordable city. 
                        There are also immeasurably proud of the quality of education in the city. The schools continue to thrive 
                        and is an an excellent ratio of students progressing into further education. And with a growing economy 
                        they are able to present the young people with real opportunities to establish themselves in the workplace 
                        and lay foundations for their careers.<br/><br/>
                        People who live in and visit Belfast enjoy spending time here. The people of the city have recently been 
                        declared the happiest in the UK. If you choose to make Belfast your home, you’ll be sure to discover a 
                        fascinating city, where people feel safe and where a sense of community is alive and well.<br/><br/>
                    </p>
                    <p>Belfast City Council. (2018). About Belfast. Retrieved January 2018, from Belfast City Council: http://www.belfastcity.gov.uk/jobs/DirectorofPlanningandPlace/about-belfast.aspx</p>
                    <h:graphicImage class="cityimg" name="images/belfast.jpg" alt="Belfast"/>
                    <p>ireland. (2018). Belfast City. Retrieved January 2018, from ireland.com: https://www.ireland.com/destinations/northern-ireland/county-antrim/belfast/articles/belfast-city/ </p>
                    <a class="weatherwidget-io" href="https://forecast7.com/en/54d60n5d93/belfast/" data-label_1="BELFAST" data-label_2="WEATHER" data-theme="original" >BELFAST WEATHER</a>
                    <script>
                        !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
                            if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);
                                js.id=id;js.src='https://weatherwidget.io/js/widget.min.js';
                                fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,'script','weatherwidget-io-js');
                    </script>
                </div>
                <button class="accordion">Cardiff</button>
                <div class="panel">
                    <p>
                        Cardiff, Wales’ Capital city, offers a startling range of unique attractions, top class entertainment 
                        and quality shopping with a difference – all within walking distance. Innovative architecture 
                        sits alongside historic buildings and Cardiff Bay offers entertainment for everyone.<br/><br/>
                        Rich in ancient history, sporting excitement, romantic ambience, eclectic culture and ‘out of 
                        this world’ activities, Cardiff is the perfect holiday destination for families, couples and groups. 
                        Cardiff is a thriving city, just 2 hours by train from London.
                    </p>
                    <p>Cardiff Council. (2018). Home. Retrieved February 2018, from Visit Cardiff: http://www.visitcardiff.com/</p>
                    <h:graphicImage class="cityimg" name="images/cardiff.jpg" alt="Cardiff" />
                    <p>Welsh Government. (2018). Cardiff. Retrieved February 2018, from Visit Wales: http://www.visitwales.com/explore/south-wales/cardiff</p>
                    <a class="weatherwidget-io" href="https://forecast7.com/en/51d48n3d18/cardiff/" data-label_1="CARDIFF" data-label_2="WEATHER" data-theme="original" >CARDIFF WEATHER</a>
                    <script>
                        !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
                            if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);
                                js.id=id;js.src='https://weatherwidget.io/js/widget.min.js';
                                fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,'script','weatherwidget-io-js');
                    </script>
                </div>
                <button class="accordion">Edinburgh</button>
                <div class="panel">
                    <p>
                        Edinburgh is the capital of Scotland and it is located in central eastern Scotland, near the Firth of Forth, 
                        close to the North Sea. Thanks to its spectacular rocks, rustic buildings and a huge collection of medieval
                        and classic architecture, including numerous stone decorations, it is often considered one of the most lively 
                        cities in Europe. Scottish people called it Auld Reekie, Edina, Athens of the North and Britain’s Other Eye.<br/><br/>
                        Edinburgh is not only one of the most beautiful cities in Europe, it is a city with a fantastic position. 
                        The view falls on all sides – green hills, the hint of the blue sea, the silhouettes of the buildings and 
                        the red cliffs. It is a city that calls you to explore it by foot – narrow streets, passageways, stairs and 
                        hidden church yards on every step will pull you away from the main streets.<br/><br/>
                        The city is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the UK. It is the capital of Scotland and home 
                        to many tourist attractions. A visit here will be well worth it, considering the numerous things you can do 
                        and see. Most of the structures in the Old Town have remained in their original form over the years. Charming 
                        medieval relics are plenty in this section of the city. In contrast, orderly Georgian terraces line the 
                        streets of the New Town. The general urban scenery is a blend of ancient structures and modern architecture, 
                        which gives the city a unique character. In 1995, the Old Town was listed as a UNESCO Heritage Site. With 
                        year round festivals, a throbbing nightlife and an entertaining arts scene, Edinburgh never falls short of 
                        interesting travel ventures for tourists.
                    </p>
                    <br/><br/>
                        <p>Scotland Info. (2018). Edinburgh. Retrieved January 2018, from Scotland Info Guide: http://www.scotlandinfo.eu/edinburgh/</p>
                        <h:graphicImage class="cityimg" name="images/edinburgh.jpg" alt="Edinburgh" />
                        <p>McPherson, L. (2017, July 7). Increased checks at Edinburgh Castle in wake of recent terror attacks. Retrieved January 2018, from Daily Record: https://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/scottish-news/increased-checks-edinburgh-castle-wake-10722492</p>
                        <a class="weatherwidget-io" href="https://forecast7.com/en/55d95n3d19/edinburgh/" 
                           data-label_1="EDINBURGH" data-label_2="WEATHER" data-theme="original" >EDINBURGH WEATHER</a>
                        <script>
                            !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
                                if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);
                                    js.id=id;js.src='https://weatherwidget.io/js/widget.min.js';
                                    fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,'script','weatherwidget-io-js');
                        </script>
                            
                </div>
                <button class="accordion">Glasgow</button>
                <div class="panel">
                    <p>
                        Officially the world’s friendliest city, you know you’ll be guaranteed a warm welcome in Glasgow, and there 
                        is so much to explore and enjoy in this beautiful, vibrant city. No matter when you visit, you’ll find 
                        world-class visitor attractions, diverse neighbourhoods, stunning architecture, an ever-evolving food 
                        and drink scene and legendary nightlife.  The city also has a year-round calendar bursting at the seams 
                        with amazing events and festivals and 2018 is set to be bigger and busier than ever!<br/><br/>
                        The year kicks off with the UK’s premier celebration of Celtic music, Celtic Connections which marks 
                        its 25th anniversary, and there is also a programme of events planned throughout the year to mark the 
                        150th anniversary of pioneering architect Charles Rennie Mackintosh.  The city has a summer jam-packed 
                        with culture and music festivals including the Merchant City Festival, West End Festival and Trnsmt, 
                        and as a great sporting city, it’s fitting that this year Glasgow will host the inaugural European 
                        Championships.
                    </p>
                    <br/><br/>
                        <p>Culture and Sport Glasgow. (2018). Top Reasons to Visit Glasgow in 2018. Retrieved January 2018, from People Make Glasgow: https://peoplemakeglasgow.com/visiting/top-reasons-to-visit-glasgow</p>
                    <h:graphicImage class="cityimg" name="images/glasgow.jpg" alt="Glasgow" />
                    <p>Milo, G. (2018). New Trade Waste Rules in Glasgow. Retrieved January 2018, from Change Works Recycling: http://www.changeworksrecycling.co.uk/new-trade-waste-rules-glasgow/</p>
                    <a class="weatherwidget-io" href="https://forecast7.com/en/55d86n4d25/glasgow/" data-label_1="GLASGOW" data-label_2="WEATHER" data-theme="original" >GLASGOW WEATHER</a>
                    <script>
                        !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
                            if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);
                                js.id=id;js.src='https://weatherwidget.io/js/widget.min.js';
                                fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,'script','weatherwidget-io-js');
                    </script>                
                </div>
                
                <button class="accordion">Liverpool</button>
                <div class="panel">
                    <p>
                        There’s so much to do in Liverpool city region, the only problem might be deciding exactly what to do first.<br/><br/>
                        Cultural capital, birthplace of The Beatles and UNESCO world heritage site, Liverpool has world-class attractions,
                        a proud sporting history and beautiful outdoor spaces - making it the perfect location for a UK city break.<br/><br/>
                        We’re rightly proud of our first-class tourist attractions. Find information on Liverpool’s Leading Attractions, 
                        Beatles Liverpool, museums and galleries, our two cathedrals and much more on this site.<br/><br/>
                        Liverpool is officially the World Capital of Pop, with more Number One hits than any other city. And you can 
                        hear live music anywhere from a top arena to an intimate bar-room venue.<br/><br/>
                        With more than our share of fabulous theatres and comedy nights, night-time Liverpool is vibrant and 
                        energetic.<br/><br/>
                        Families will also have a great time in Liverpool with lots of attractions suitable for all ages. 
                        The museums, libraries and galleries all have regular family-friendly events and exhibitions on.<br/><br/>
                        From Premiership football to the world’s most famous steeplechase, the finest stretch of championship golf 
                        and the most successful Rugby League club of the modern era, Liverpool city region’s sporting heritage is unrivalled.<br/><br/>
                        Liverpool has more parks than Paris and a plethora of outdoor spaces.
                    </p>
                    <p>Liverpool City Region Local Enterprise Partnership. (2018). Things to do in Liverpool. Retrieved January 2018, from Visit Liverpool 2018: https://www.visitliverpool.com/things-to-do</p>
                    <h:graphicImage class="cityimg" name="images/liverpool.JPG" alt="Liverpool" />
                    <p>UNESCO World Heritage Centre. (2018). Liverpool - Maritime Mercantile City. Retrieved January 2018, from UNESCO: http://whc.unesco.org/en/list/1150</p>
                    <a class="weatherwidget-io" href="https://forecast7.com/en/53d41n2d99/liverpool/" data-label_1="LIVERPOOL" data-label_2="WEATHER" data-theme="original" >LIVERPOOL WEATHER</a>
                    <script>
                        !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
                            if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);
                                js.id=id;js.src='https://weatherwidget.io/js/widget.min.js';
                                fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,'script','weatherwidget-io-js');
                    </script>
                </div>
                <button class="accordion">London</button>
                <div class="panel">
                    <p>
                        London is the political, economic and cultural capital of Britain. You can visit the Queen's official 
                        residence at Buckingham Palace and tour the Houses of Parliament, historic home of the UK government.<br/><br/>
                        London is incredibly well-connected, with five international airports and the high-speed Eurostar rail 
                        link. More than 50 countries are within a three-hour flight time and upwards of 300 international 
                        destinations have direct links to London.<br/><br/>
                        London is a city at the centre of the world – and a world in one city. Around 230 languages are spoken 
                        here and you'll find a wealth of different cultures and communities throughout the capital.<br/><br/>
                        London's history stretches back over thousands of years, and the city boasts four World Heritage Sites: 
                        the Palace of Westminster and Westminster Abbey, the Tower of London, Maritime Greenwich and the Royal 
                        Botanic Gardens, Kew.<br/><br/>
                        London's world-class tourist attractions are renowned across the globe. Many of the most famous attractions 
                        are free to visit, for example Tate Modern, the National Gallery and the Victoria and Albert Museum.<br/><br/>
                        The river Thames runs through the heart of London, from Richmond in the west, through the central London 
                        borough of Westminster, to Greenwich in the east. London river cruises and river buses are a great way to 
                        see the city.<br/><br/>
                        About one third of London is devoted to parks and open spaces, so there are plenty of places to relax on 
                        fine days. Make sure you visit The Royal Parks as well as Hampstead Heath in North London, which offers 
                        amazing views over the city.<br/><br/>
                        There are more than 6,000 restaurants in London so you'll never be short of new places to eat. London boasts 
                        65 Michelin-starred restaurants and many celebrity chefs are based here, and there are plenty of good, 
                        cheaper options too.<br/><br/>
                        According to the Globe Shopper City Index, London is Europe's best shopping destination. Whether you 
                        head to the West End, Westfield Stratford City or a quirky London market, there's a huge range of places 
                        to buy gifts, fashion and food.<br/><br/>
                        Want to bring your kids to London? They'll have a great time. London is full of child-friendly attractions, 
                        and many – including the Science Museum and Natural History Museum – are free to visit. See our Family 
                        Activities section for more ideas.<br/><br/>
                        Whether you want to stay in a well-known 5-star hotel, a cosy bed and breakfast or a cheap backpackers' 
                        hostel, London offers a wide range of quality accommodation. You can browse and book accommodation in our 
                        Where to Stay section.<br/><br/>
                        London's fantastic transport system, with its Tube, red buses and black taxis, will enable you to get 
                        around the city quickly and easily. Why not buy an Oyster Card in advance and download a free Tube map 
                        to help you plan your days out?<br/><br/>
                        London's facilities for disabled visitors are constantly improving, with more accessible attractions, 
                        restaurants, tours and transport. For more details visit the DisabledGo website.
                    </p>
                    <p>London and Partners. (2018). London at a glance. Retrieved January 2018, from Visit London: https://www.visitlondon.com/things-to-do/visiting-london-for-the-first-time/london-at-a-glance#W37s7pE7RfJ3eRSL.97</p>
                    <h:graphicImage class="cityimg" name="images/london.png" alt="London" />
                    <p>University of London. (2018). Member Institutions. Retrieved January 2018, from University of London: https://london.ac.uk/ways-study/study-campus-london/member-institutions</p>
                    <a class="weatherwidget-io" href="https://forecast7.com/en/51d51n0d13/london/" data-label_1="LONDON" data-label_2="WEATHER" data-theme="original" >LONDON WEATHER</a>
                    <script>
                        !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
                            if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);
                                js.id=id;js.src='https://weatherwidget.io/js/widget.min.js';
                                fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,'script','weatherwidget-io-js');
                    </script>
                </div>
                <button class="accordion">Manchester</button>
                <div class="panel">
                    <p>
                        Originally shaped by its success during the industrial revolution of the 19th century, Manchester’s 
                        strong, pioneering character endures today – only now its achievements also include shaking up 
                        the music scene, nurturing artistic creativity and hosting international sporting events.<br/><br/>
                        Never content to live on past glories, Manchester is a city that looks to the future with a 
                        passion for progress, and warmly invites you to share in its vision and vitality.<br/><br/>
                        And this warmth is one of Manchester's trademarks: voted one of the ten friendliest cities 
                        in the world by Rough Guides readers, there's not a moment to lose to go out and explore this
                        busy, buzzing and modern metropolis.<br/><br/>
                        In Albert Square, the impressive 19th-century Town Hall building dominates the square which 
                        forms the centre of many of Manchester’s biggest festivals, including the Manchester International 
                        Festival and the Christmas markets<br/><br/>
                        In Castlefield, an inner-city conservation area where you will find a Roman fort, the world’s oldest industrial 
                        canal, cobbled streets and brick warehouses – it’s one of the most peaceful areas of the city.
                    </p>
                    <p>The University of Manchester. (2018). The City of Manchester. Retrieved January 2018, from The University of Manchester: http://www.manchester.ac.uk/study/experience/student-life/city/</p>
                    <h:graphicImage class="cityimg" name="images/manchester.jpg" alt="Manchester" />
                    <p>Visit Manchester. (2018). Welcome to Manchester. Retrieved January 2018, from Visit Manchester: https://www.visitmanchester.com/</p>
                    <a class="weatherwidget-io" href="https://forecast7.com/en/53d48n2d24/manchester/" data-label_1="MANCHESTER" data-label_2="WEATHER" data-theme="original" >MANCHESTER WEATHER</a>
                    <script>
                        !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
                            if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);
                                js.id=id;js.src='https://weatherwidget.io/js/widget.min.js';
                                fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,'script','weatherwidget-io-js');
                    </script>
                </div>
                <h:outputScript library="js" name="citylist.js" />
           </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>
    </body>
</html>